Copied from https://www.sydney.edu.au/disclaimer.html on 03-10-2022 at 6:20pm


Disclaimer & copyright
Disclaimer

The University strives to keep information stored on this server up to date, but does not guarantee the accuracy, reliability or currency of the information. Any errors in the information that are brought to the University’s attention will be corrected as soon as possible. The University reserves the right to change at any time without notice any information stored on this server. This includes information about courses or units of study offered by the University.

The University of Sydney provides links to a number of external websites via this website. Monitoring and reviewing content of these third party external websites is not the responsibility of the University of Sydney nor does the University of Sydney endorse, approve or recommend the content, owners or operators of websites and applications available through this website.

The University accepts no liability for any loss or damage a person suffers because that person has directly or indirectly relied on any information stored on this server.
Copyright

The University of Sydney owns the copyright in the information provided on this website, unless stated otherwise. 

Material on this website is subject to copyright under Australian law and through international treaties, applicable law in other countries. 

Individuals may copy a reasonable portion of the material on this website under the fair dealing provisions of the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth). Educational institutions may reproduce limited amounts of material from this site under section 113P of the Copyright Act. 

Apart from these specified uses material from this site may not be reproduced without prior written permission of the University of Sydney.
Reporting copyright infringements & problems

The University of Sydney is committed to upholding the rights of copyright owners. If you believe that copyright material is available on the University of Sydney network in such a way that it constitutes a copyright infringement or a breach of a contract or licence, please notify our Designated Representative using the Copyright Takedown Notice.
